The Joe Rogan experience. It does. I mean,
just because you don't like Trump as an individual that suddenly you're okay
with hard left policies, but I think the Democrats make that mistake.
Think they're there.
They think that that's the solution to Trump go as far away from him as
possible. Yeah. And the solution by the center. I think exactly.
That's the solution. I think the solution is somewhere in the center and when,
when you see like what's happening in Portland and Seattle,
I think people are more aware than ever now that civil unrest is like,
it's, it's very strange.
It's very strange to watch them try to break into that.
What was the building in Portland? They were, oh, the.
Hatfield, uh, courthouse, the federal courthouse. Yeah.
That was insane. Yeah. Watch on. That was insane.
I don't understand the motivation, like connecting that to,
how do you connect that in Portland? The most liberal city in the country?
How do you PR how do you are arguably right. Probably the most liberal,
the most progressive, not all Portland right there.
How do you connect that to black lives matter? I mean,
how do you connect that to George Floyd's death?
How do you connect that to w Y Y Y I just don't understand.
Why would you try to break into the courthouse?
They're trying to recreate what went wrong. What didn't work in Seattle, right?
That whole a zone channel Toronto. Yeah. That didn't work.
I mean, that was nonsense. It was crazy.
You made a worse version of American six blocks.
It's like one of those little tiny, a little, you know,
like if you took like a glass dome and you put like little animals in there and
you'll let them eat each other alive, like I was like, we're going to,
we're going to create utopian glass.
Like they made a worst version of the United States.
They put up borders immediately. They stopped people from coming in.
They had armed guards, they wind up using police tech. They didn't have cops,
but they have people that act like cops and beat the out of people for filming.
Right. The whole thing is madness. They had murders.
It was quick.
I mean, look, Portland. I, I know Portland extremely well. My parents lived,
uh, in Portland for a couple of decades. It's a, it used to be a real,
a hell of a place, but over the years, and, and, you know, I,
I know Republicans and Democrats who feel the same way who were in Portland and
the surrounding area. And they all feel like this place is, is slowly, you know,
circling down a toilet because of local and state, uh, management.
Right. And so, uh, what happened in Portland?
Not really a surprise, you know, it's, it's the same. The, the, the people that,
that, that did that do this sort of activity, right.
That have been referred to us Antifa or anarchistic or whatever.
They.
The same sort of trust a ferry and, you know, bottom feeding folks in,
in really any city in the world who engage in a WTO protest because it's
cool to get out there and protest. I don't understand the mentality,
but if you try to figure out a motivation for them, you know,
you'll lose your mind. Cause they definitely don't have one.
You could take 10 of those people out of Portland who were engaged in sort of
the violent activity and asked him, well, why are you doing this?
And you'll get 10 different. I do.
Think a lot of this is coming from empathy, which is a good thing. And I,
I have to say, you know, I, with regard to the issue of transitioning children,
I do support traditioning and adults.
I think it can help adults who are transgender. I think if you were an adult,
you it's your decision. It's your body.
It's no one's place to tell you what to do.
But I think a lot of this is coming from,
so I grew up in the gay community and I remember seeing how homophobic people
could be toward my friends. And I think things have changed.
Things have gotten better in some ways I think homophobia still exists.
And we can talk about that because I do talk about how that affects a lot of
what we're seeing in the book. But I think for a lot of people,
they look at that and they say, okay, we were wrong about that.
We were wrong to treat gay people differently.
We were wrong to say that being gay is something you can change.
So now they've gone completely in the opposite direction saying, okay,
no matter what anyone says with regard to their identity,
with regard to their gender, this is something that we should not challenge.
We should fully support. And if you question it in any way,
even in the most nuanced or sensitive way as I try to, and I said, thank you,
do that's still not acceptable.
Yeah. That's, what's strange. It's, it's an ideology. It's rigid.
It's like a religion.
It is. It is. I think I find people who are, you know,
middle of the road. They're not sure what to think.
If they read my work or they talk to me, they say, oh wow. I had never,
I never realized that. I didn't know the science said that.
And they changed their perspective. But I think for some people,
if they are very much invested in the identity or very,
very invested in activism or for whatever reason,
this ideology means something to them, it's, you cannot,
you just cannot reason with them. It doesn't matter what the science says.
They will find something to pick at. And especially with desistence,
which is that, that, um,
the research I was mentioning where it shows that most kids will not feel gender
dysphoric anymore. When they repeat reach puberty, they w they just, people,
some people can not accept it and they will call you transphobic.
They'll call you bigoted. And, you know, I don't think I'm any of those things.
I'm really just trying to help prevent these children from making potentially a
very bad decision that they're going to regret.
And especially now we're seeing in the UK that this is happening where more di
transitioners are saying, this was something I regret. This was a mistake.
Why did the adults not challenge me? I really think so. Right now,
we're in August, 2020, I think within the next five years,
or maybe a little bit longer,
we're going to be seeing an explosion of children coming out and saying,
I did not want to transition. This was a mistake.
And it's really going to be awful. We're.
Already seeing that there's a lawsuit that was a very prominent in the UK
recently about a young girl who transitioned to be,
do you know the lawsuit I'm talking about? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it's,
it's heartbreaking because they she's essentially ruined her body
to the point where she's not going to be able to have children. She's she'll,
you know, she, in, in many cases, a lot of these girls can't have orgasms ever.
No, exactly. Yeah. But I think in north America,
we are still very much in denial about those. If, I mean,
whenever I am on a show, if I'm on TV and I talk about this,
the backlash after is just crazy. And I'm thinking people need to wake up,
but I'm trying to stop this from happening. Right?
The whole point of writing this book and saying these things is trying to
prevent what's about to happen.
It's important. You know,
I can't help talking about the death penalty when we talk about shorty Clemente,
because in this country, a lot of people still believe in death penalty.
And I don't. Um,
and what I say to people who believe in the death penalty is I respect your
view,
but what percentage of innocent people are you okay with executing? Right?
Because the system is fundamentally flawed.
And even if the system was reformed in all the ways that we could sit here and
think of, right, and I have some ideas on that,
there's still going to be errors. There's always going to be,
they're always going to be errors made.
And so you have to accept that they're going to be mistakes.
We know that like in Florida, where Josh represents James daily, and again,
we did a podcast episode about his case as well. Um,
James is either going to be the hundredth guy executed by the state of Florida
or the 30th guy exonerated from.
Death row Clemente was the 29th. And I'm representing who should be the 30th.
So.
They're not even if all the people they executed were guilty.
And we know they weren't. Right.
We know certain people like Jesse to Pharaoh who was absolutely innocent
executed by the state of Florida and that gruesome execution where the electric
chair quote, unquote malfunction and his head caught on fire.
And they had to ex electrocute him three times.
But even if they got those right, they aren't even batting 700.
Right. And then in, in Louisiana, you know, to your point before Joe, um,
a guy named John Thompson rest in peace was a good friend of mine. Um,
he came within a month of being executed by the state of Louisiana when an
attorney, uh,
investigator staring into a microscope and saw the DNA evidence that proved that
he was not guilty of this murder. And he was ultimately exonerated.
And he wrote an opinion piece.
Then New York times where he set out on understand why the prosecutor who
prosecuted,
because he proved that they knew he was innocent before they prosecuted him.
Right. He knew it. And it was absolutely proven. That was not in question.
So he said,
I don't understand why that prosecutor's not being charged with attempted
murder. They tried to kill me and they knew I was innocent.
And I've proven that, but, and what.
Happens to the prosecutor? Nothing, nothing, nothing. This is,
I've been saying this for a long time,
but there's a real problem with human beings when it comes to anything where
there's a game and the problem with policing and prosecuting
people and convicting people.
And it's a game and meaning that there's winners and losers. And when,
when there's winners and losers, people cheat.
There's a lot of people with poor character and they just want to win.
And they get caught up in this game. I mean, you can call it a game.
You can call it a pursuit, whatever you want to call it. There's a,
there's an end that you want to achieve if you're successful. And if you,
if you don't achieve that end, you're unsuccessful.
So when people are trying to achieve this end, they will do all kinds of things.
You know.
The thing about Farley was, um, he,
he in spade used to fight over me. Like I was the girl,
probably because let's face it. I'd kind of look like and certain lighting. Um,
and, uh, they'd be like, I heard you in the jacuzzi with Rob last night.
Yeah. Oh, we didn't call me well, and they would, they, they would like fight.
It was, it was very funny and sweet. One night I took, uh,
I took the gang out to barbarians steakhouse in Toronto. Great steak.
I don't know if they're still there.
Chris ordered to bone in two bone in state. Uh,
porterhouse steaks ate both of them,
but on top of each bite he put a cube of butter.
And when I looked at him like, what the are you doing?
He was like, it needs a hat.
So if you want to put a hat on your steak,
some people just genuinely don't give a. No given. Yeah, obviously.
Yeah. He's a wild man. I met him once on the set of a news radio.
He's partying with Andy Dick. Oh, he showed up gray,
like wet cardboard. He looked gray and I'm like, Hey man. He's like,
it was just, he was gone. Oh, it was, it was sad. It was weird.
He had gray skin. And I remember thinking, Jesus Christ,
Chris Farley has gray skin. Like what's going on? Like he was sweaty and just,
just all up. Yeah.
He, he had major, major demons. Uh,
and a lot of us really worked, you know, we're were worked out, you know,
but you know, it's some people can't, they can't make that leap. Man.
The thing about him though, is the.
I always wonder about guys like that, that are so powerful. Like,
is it the demons that made him so good?
He was so good. So good. He would go ape. I mean, he had the.
Horsepower. He had, it was so stunning.
And you have these scenes where he would just go crazy. It was so fun.
I would wonder, like, what is, is that same thing?
What makes him, I mean, cause it was so real.
Is that what made him just go crazy with Coke and go crazy with everything.
Else? I mean, I think, I think like people, like,
I don't see a lot of normal people drawn. Well,
why would any normal person want to be in entertainment? Right. Right.
W w why would they, so I think just by default damaged
people or people with more, more,
more articulately people with a hole to fill are drawn to
entertainment to fill the hole.